(10) Paragraph 3: two main drawbacks - (1) young people want to be
independent, raise a family or just have their own space (2) parents are
unable to live their own lives after raising their family
(10) Conclusion: the disadvantages are greater than the advantages.

This essay will discuss about parents

Essay:
It is true that a growing number of young people, including many graduates, are unable or
unwilling to leave home and become independent of their parents. While this pattern of
behaviour has some advantages, in my opinion these are outweighed by the drawbacks.

On the one hand, when young adults live with their parents they are able to make the
most of this time to save money, They may wish to buy or rent their own house or
perhaps even to get married, and many will also be concerned with repaying student
loans. They make a calculation in terms of how they can afford to make ends meet. They
reckon the savings they can make by sharing overhead costs with their parents of running
the family home, by contributing by paying the bills. This also helps the parents, who
may themselves be struggling financially to meet their living expenses.

On the other hand, there are two major disadvantages of continuing to live at home with
parents. Firstly, even when young people have benefited from a happy and supportive
family background, they will want to acquire experience of living independently. For
example, they will want to take responsibility for their own finances, for raising a family
or may simply wish to enjoy their own private space. Secondly, from the perspective of
their parents, they may want more time for themselves, free of family responsibilities.
After all, they helped their children through higher education, with the aim of putting
their knowledge gained into practice and pursuing a successful career, so parents now
deserve some time for themselves.

In conclusion, although continuing to live with parents has some benefits, I would argue
that the drawbacks are far greater.
285 words

Vocabulary from family and children:
(10) patterns of behavior
Meaning: ways of acting and doing things (either positive or negative)
Example: Patterns of behaviour copied from parents often influence the way
that children grow up. 